# To get the bundle id of an app:
# osascript -e 'id of app "my_app"'
#
# Example:
# osascript -e 'id of app "Finder"'

# URL schemes

org.mozilla.Firefox feed
org.mozilla.Firefox ftp
org.mozilla.Firefox http
org.mozilla.Firefox https

# file types

com.apple.TextEdit public.plain-text all
com.apple.TextEdit txt all

com.github.atom .gitignore editor
com.github.atom applescript editor
com.github.atom coffee editor
com.github.atom emblem editor
com.github.atom erb editor
com.github.atom erb editor
com.github.atom gemspec editor
com.github.atom haml editor
com.github.atom hbs editor
com.github.atom js editor
com.github.atom json editor
com.github.atom php editor
com.github.atom pl editor
com.github.atom public.html editor
com.github.atom public.shell-script editor
com.github.atom public.unix-executable editor
com.github.atom qslog editor
com.github.atom rb editor
com.github.atom sass editor
com.github.atom scss editor
com.github.atom sh editor
com.github.atom snip editor
com.github.atom sql editor
com.github.atom tex editor
com.github.atom yml editor
com.github.atom zsh editor

com.uranusjr.macdown md all

org.videolan.vlc 3gp all
org.videolan.vlc aac all
org.videolan.vlc aif all
org.videolan.vlc avi all
org.videolan.vlc flac all
org.videolan.vlc flv all
org.videolan.vlc m4a all
org.videolan.vlc mkv all
org.videolan.vlc mov all
org.videolan.vlc mp3 all
org.videolan.vlc mp4 all
org.videolan.vlc mpa all
org.videolan.vlc mpeg all
org.videolan.vlc mpg all
org.videolan.vlc ogg all
org.videolan.vlc wav all
org.videolan.vlc webm all
org.videolan.vlc wmv all

com.apple.Preview ai all
com.apple.Preview bmp all
com.apple.Preview jpeg all
com.apple.Preview jpg all
com.apple.Preview pdf all
com.apple.Preview png all
com.apple.Preview ps all
com.apple.Preview psd all
com.apple.Preview tif all
com.apple.Preview tiff all
